Then miss, you are off to attend the charity dinner
Also about having sex with strangers
Don't you feel ashamed?
Hey
Ask the man who had sex with you yesterday
What is your relationship?
Lover or Sun Wukong
Are you sick?
That's my husband!
We're married! Stop!
Shameless little bitch
Excuse me, are you Jiang Li's father?
What do you think of Jiang Li's scandal?
I'm not his real father.
Little bitch has always loved to seduce men
He also joined forces with outsiders to suppress me Su Shi many times
Trying to throw me out of the family
Own my business
He also lost a good marriage because of his sister
With his security boyfriend
Ruined his sister's wedding
His sister.
She should have been the wife of the president of the Shen Group.
Someone so close
We should expose him
Let's turn our backs on him
Exposure to you
Tell me.
Say it
What do you say?
You tell your reporter friends
All those good things you did?
Say it, why don't you say it?
Can you say a few words?
Say a few words, Miss Jiang
You are shameless
Trash bitches should stay with trash
Yeah, I am.
Stop